Update Cloud Storage Docs (#1731)
RasaHQ/rasa_nlu: docs/persist.rst

    If there is no container with the name ``AZURE_CONTAINER`` Rasa will create it.

> Models are gzipped before saving to cloud. The gzipped file naming convention

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Models are gzipped before they are saved in the cloud. The gzipped file naming convention
```

> is `{PROJECT}___{MODEL_NAME}.tar.gz` and should be in the root folder of the storage service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is `{PROJECT}{MODEL_NAME}.tar.gz` and it is stored in the root folder of the storage service.
```

Author: Was this behavior changed in v0.14? We are using v0.13.7 so I tested on that.

Author: Line 96-100 in persistor.py: 
```
    @staticmethod
    def _project_prefix(project: Text) -> Text:

        p = project or RasaNLUModelConfig.DEFAULT_PROJECT_NAME
        return '{}___'.format(p)
```

> is `{PROJECT}___{MODEL_NAME}.tar.gz` and it is stored in the root folder of the storage service.

Reviewer: @careless25 Sure it is not `{PROJECT}{MODEL_NAME}.tar.gz`?

Author: Yes, see lines 96-100 in persistor.py

Reviewer: 👍 You know the code better than I - awesome job!

> Currently, you are not able to specify the path on cloud storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, you are not able to manually specify the path on cloud storage.
```

> Currently, you are not able manually to specify the path on cloud storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, you are not able to manually specify the path on the cloud storage.
```

> If storing trained models, rasa_nlu will gzip the new model and upload to the root. If retrieving/loading models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If storing trained models, rasa_nlu will gzip the new model and upload to the container. If retrieving/loading models
```

> If storing trained models, Rasa NLU will gzip the new model and upload to the container. If retrieving/loading models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If storing trained models, Rasa NLU will gzip the new model and upload it to the container. If retrieving/loading models
```

> from the cloud storage, rasa_nlu will download the gzipped model locally an extract the contents to the location

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from the cloud storage, Rasa NLU will download the gzipped model locally and extract the contents to the location
```

> from the cloud storage, Rasa NLU will download the gzipped model locally an extract the contents to the location

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from the cloud storage, Rasa NLU will download the gzipped model locally and extract the contents to the location
```
